All right, a massacre.
[man] Run!
-You're the only one
who can stop Sato now!
-You gotta be kidding.
-That one back there.
He can see the IBM walk by.
[man] You're Ko Nakano, right?
[Hirazawa] Don't let him get away!
[Ko] Damn, damn, damn!
-Run him over.
[Izumi] What?
[Tosaki] Then I'll do it.
[Ko] That's not the direction Sato was.
So, who is it then?
[Sato over TV] And to the humans who think
this doesn't involve you,
it's just about to begin.
So brace yourselves.
That was a video threat recently uploaded
by the man who calls himself Sato.
In the video, Sato announced
that he will attack
the Grant Pharmaceuticals facility
on Wednesday,
ten days from now, at 3:00 p.m.
Police and associated agencies
are joining forces
to increase security in the area.
According to authorities,
the video upload
was passed through servers
in both Russia and China,
making it extremely difficult
to pinpoint the source.
In addition, the police are investigating
the case of Kei Nagai,
who escaped the laboratory just days ago
and may have left the country.
They hope to discover
his connection to Sato.
-This has been the afternoon news.
-Huh?
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say the night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
WAIT, LET'S TALK IT OVER
[panting]
[grunting]
[gasps]
I'm sorry to have caused you
so much trouble.
[boy] Be quiet.
-I've gotta pee.
Just shut up already.
Huh?
That's Kei Nagai!
Wait! Stop!
[Ko groans]
[grunting]
Serves you right.
Why did you do that? Damn it.
You ignore my orders, you won't shut up,
you're bloodthirsty.
Be quiet.
You be quiet.
Damn, it would be so useful
if I could control him like Mr. Sato does.
Now this is a real problem.
Who is this guy?
He's a...
[grunting and groaning]
My name's... Nakano.
Ko Nakano.
You're Kei Nagai, aren't you?
The news made it sound like
you pushed the researcher off the roof,
but you were saving him.
You stood up to Sato, right?
Well, have you seen what he's really like?
Yeah, I escaped from Sato as well
as those government guys.
I need your help. You have to.
I'm gonna stop him.
Come on. We can't let him do this!
Yeah, I know.
This isn't a good place.
Let's go farther in. I'll show you.
Uh, whew.
[Ko sighs]
[Ko] I'm starving.
Hey. You got anything to eat?
I'll bring you something later.
[Nekozawa] Here's what you asked for.
[Sato] Sorry for always making
such difficult requests.
No. This one
wasn't actually difficult at all.
How's this?
Good. This is all that we're gonna need.
[Sato] Are you sure it's all right
if we keep the vehicle, too?
[Nekozawa] Yeah. I've put it
under the name of a dummy company,
so it can't be traced.
I also went ahead
and prepared the building.
Go today if you like.
Excellent, that's quite a big help.
I appreciate it.
I've got a little extra something
for you, too.
[Nekozawa]
Are you sure? That's quite a lot.
I've got more guys with me now.
[chuckles] Of course even you know
that fighting with the government
is impossible.
Mr. Nekozawa, this won't be a fight.
This will be a war.
[sighs]
[Kei] This is actually pretty hard.
Oh, Kei, are you going out again?
Yeah, just for a little walk.
[sighing]
[stomach rumbling]
[Ko] He's late.
[Kei] Sorry.
[Ko] Huh?
It took longer than I thought.
[Ko eating]
Nice and quiet here, huh?
So, you didn't actually get swept out
after all.
On TV they've been saying
you may have left the country.
Yeah. I never even left Tokyo Bay.
Where are you living out here?
Right now,
a woman named Mrs. Yamanaka's
letting me stay with her.
Finally, I found a place that is safe.
Hmm. Who's that boy?
[Kei] Damn.
Hello.
Oh, this is my grandson.
Lady, he's never gonna buy that.
[Tomizawa] Oh, the one from Tokyo.
[Yamanaka] That's right.
My idiot son almost never comes to visit,
but then suddenly out of the blue,
he sends the kid all by himself.
It's such a hardship.
You say that, but you look like
you're actually quite happy,
Mrs. Yamanaka.
Now then, young man,
don't get in any more trouble
with the police.
Your grandmother was really worried
about you that time.
[chuckles]
I understand.
I don't know her grandson.
But I'm amazed that even though
we're all the way out here in the country,
there isn't anyone who knows my face.
It's been so widely reported.
Are you listening?
Yeah, yeah, I'm listening.
Nakano,
-do you really intend to fight Mr. Sato?
-Mm-hm.
Why not?
I know those government guys
chased you,
but you haven't been all over the news
like I have.
It should be a lot easier for you
to live a peaceful life.
Are you still gonna fight?
[swallows]
Yes, of course.
Somehow.
[clicks tongue] I see.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
Huh?
[grunting and groaning]
[Kei] They're ibotengu mushrooms.
They grow all over the place here.
They're poisonous, but they taste good.
The poison starts to take effect
after about 20 minutes.
It causes stomachache, vomiting,
hallucinations and convulsions.
Then finally, unconsciousness.
Even if you can't die,
there are ways of disabling you.
[grunting]
You see,
I've finally found a safe zone of my own.
Now that you've learned where I am,
Nakano,
you're the one I can't leave unchecked.
Understand?
Why would he do that?
Of course. I get it.
He's going to reset!
[panting]
[yelling]
[grunting]
Huh? Nagai. Wait, let's talk it over.
Plan B. A light concussion
may knock him out for just seconds,
while a serious one can leave someone
unconscious for hours.
-I said, wait!
-Aim for the chin.
Damn it. I'm warning you, okay?
How do you do that thing again?
We did it back in junior high.
Oh, the fainting game.
[yells]
Did you just...? [gasps]
[yelling]
Plan C.
Suffocation.
One, two, three...
Suffocation works in stages.
After 10 to 20 seconds,
there's almost no symptoms.
At 30 to 60 seconds
there's acute respiratory distress.
One fifty-one.
At one to three minutes, convulsions,
unconsciousness, and coma.
One fifty-five. One fifty-six.
Yeah, the point is that it takes time
before it actually kills you.
[grunting]
[sighs]
So, from today on
this is our new home.
[gasping]
[yells then whimpering]
Huh?
You finally woke up?
What's this?
This... is an old abandoned truck.
You jerk! Let me out!
I've already done you a favor.
I mean I could have left you
disabled for life.
If you don't want to be reported,
then let me out! Uh... Huh?
Are you looking for your cell phone?
[huffs]
Nagai,
are you really not going to do anything?
Sato's going to kill people.
So, what are you doing here in Japan?
Huh?
Somewhere in the world,
there are always people dying:
from war, poverty or other absurd reasons.
Why aren't you trying to save them?
Right.
So, if something happens
to a few strangers here,
that's none of my concern.
Then why did you rescue that researcher?
Hmm.
Yeah, I thought about that
for a long time myself.
And I was left with one question.
Is someone useful?
He was sympathetic to Ajins.
And he's also part of the government.
So, he's important to keep around.
So, it was worth dying to save him.
Any more questions?
You jerk. Let me out!
Hmm.
See you. There's no point in struggling.
Even a black ghost
couldn't break these walls too easily.
There's a little hole in the corner,
so you can do your business through that.
Oh, right.
I'll bring you a magazine or two.
Humans can lose their minds
after about 72 hours with nothing to do.
[Ko] No!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
[grunting]
What is wrong with him?
What is wrong with him?!
Now then, as I've said many times already,
there's absolutely no truth to the rumor
that we've conducted experiments on Ajins.
[man 1] Hold on. You've seen the website,
haven't you?
The one with the threat
from the self-proclaimed Ajin, Sato.
He specifically said that
Grant Pharmaceuticals
conducts experiments
on Ajins on the premises.
That is... a groundless accusation.
[man 2] What about the incident
where Kei Nagai pushed a researcher,
-seriously injuring him?
[man 3] That's right.
It must be because something awful
was done to him.
[man 4] Aren't there multiple sources
that point to Ajin experimentation?
By the time Kei Nagai
was brought to the lab,
he was already emotionally unstable.
The result of...
Of the media and their relentless pursuit.
Damn it, the media's making a fuss.
What are you going to do, Tosaki?
I agree that they are a nuisance,
value in Japanese journalism is long dead.
All but a small fraction of the public
are fully aware of this.
But that fraction is persistent.
These idiots believe
any nonsense they're told.
That may be true,
but that's not
what we should be discussing right now.
All right.
Then what should we be discussing?
Our first priority is countermeasures
against the man in the hat.
You're one to talk.
Not only did you let him get in here
in the first place,
but he got away with our sample!
That's right. Do you realize
what a huge loss that was?
I can't believe you haven't been fired.
Look at them bark.
They complain and complain,
but never actually do anything.
[man] Excuse me. Pardon my tardiness.
It took some time
to confirm my references.
Sokabe, what are you doing here?
It's difficult for me to say to someone
who's taught me so much, sir,
but I was actually contacted
by the minister.
I may just become your successor.
Working under you has paid off.
Huh. I'd say it's about time.
Starting today,
I'll be watching your work, sir,
and then reporting my findings in detail.
And if it's decided
that there's a problem...
Then you are to take my place immediately.
No, you'll go to hell.
Sokabe,
let me give you a little piece of advice,
once you do this, you can never go back.
Is this the time to act
so high and mighty?
The police will inevitably be expected
to help defend Grant Pharmaceuticals.
As the Ajin Control Commission,
we'll be involved in this as consultants.
There is very little time.
Can you come up with countermeasures
for IBMs with what time you have left?
You were once my mentor.
Have you still got it?
How about you just tell us already?
What do you know about the IBMs?
Old man,
how about you just go get me a cigarette?
We've already given you cigarettes.
As if I could smoke those crappy things.
What's the point in holding back?
Everybody believes
that you're already dead, you know.
Like an Ajin. [grunts]
Why won't you talk now?
You wouldn't shut your mouth
when you were in front of the researchers.
You still aren't following this, are you?
It's either my special smokes,
or it's nothing.
Baldy.
So the queen has returned.
Mr. Tosaki, maybe this guy
really doesn't know anything.
Even after all this he still won't talk.
And anyway, we don't even know
if the information we got is true.
[screaming]
[Tosaki] Go ahead and show him, Shimomura.
Right.
This was found on the dead bodyguard.
He was more than just a guard.
[Hirazawa] The Department of Defense.
[Tosaki]
Ogura wasn't accepted into their country
simply because
he is a renowned biophysicist.
Whatever the basis
for this man's theories,
what he says is correct,
even if it is by coincidence.
And it was extremely helpful
in a certain field.
That is to say, IBM countermeasures.
This man's information is useful.
Well, that's a surprise.
They're known
for getting the results they want.
Shall I break another one?
[Ogura] Hey. Leave me two.
It's a matter of life and death
for a smoker.
Wait, wait! I was just joking.
So are you ready to talk?
I really meant three
or I can't knock off the ash.
[Ogura screaming]
What is the matter with you?
Can't you feel the pain?
Do you think you're an Ajin yourself?
[laughing]
I can handle this all day long.
I mean it's only physical pain.
Mr. Tosaki, I told you that he won't talk.
Why not?
Because he's crazy.
That's right, Four-Eyes.
These little gestures of yours
don't make me feel like talking at all.
There's only one thing
that can actually do that.
-Hmm?
-Yeah, only one.
Just bring me my brand of smokes.
[sighs]
Huh?
Your brand? Are you serious?
I've been telling you that
since we started this dance.
They are out in the car.
That's all you gotta do.
[sighs]
Tastes like crap.
All right. Where do you wanna begin?
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪